ticdc: add doc for bi-directional replication (#11099)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/manage-ticdc.md

# Filter syntax: https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/table-filter#syntax.
rules = ['*.*', '!test.*']

# Filter out data written by other changefeeds in the upstream. Set to `false` by default.
ignore-rows-written-by-ticdc = false

> 

Reviewer: this change has been removed in cn

Author: done

> # Filter out data written by other changefeeds in the upstream. Set to `false` by default.
> ignore-rows-written-by-ticdc = false
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

4. In the configuration file specified by the `--config` parameter, add the following configuration:

    ```toml
    # Whether to enable the bi-directional replication mode
    bdr-mode = true
    ```

5. (Optional) If you need to track the data source, set a unique data source ID for each cluster using the [`tidb_source_id`](/system-variables.md#tidb_source_id-new-in-v650) system variable.

After the configuration takes effect, the clusters can perform bi-directional replication.

### Execute DDL

Bi-directional replication does not support replicating DDL statements.

If you need to execute DDL statements, take the following steps:

1. Pause the write operations in the tables that need to execute DDL in all clusters. If the DDL statement is adding a non-unique index, skip this step.
2. After the write operations of the correponding tables in all clusters have been replicated to other clusters, manually execute all DDL statements in each TiDB cluster.
3. After the DDl statements are executed, resume the write operations.

> Note that a DDL statement that adds non-unique index does not break bi-direcional replication, so no need to pause the write operations in the corresponding table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that a DDL statement that adds non-unique index does not break bi-direcional replication, so you do not need to pause the write operations in the corresponding table.
```

### Stop bi-directional replication

After the application has stopped writing data, you can insert a special record into each cluster. By checking the two special records, you can make sure that data in two clusters are consistent.

After the check is completed, you can stop the changefeed to stop bi-direcional replication.

### Limitations

- For the limitations of DDL, see [Execute DDL](#execute-ddl).

> - Bi-directional replication clusters cannot detect write conflict, which might cause undefined behaviors. Therefore, you must ensure there are no write conflicts from the application side.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Bi-directional replication clusters cannot detect write conflicts, which might cause undefined behaviors. Therefore, you must ensure there are no write conflicts from the application side.
```

- `tmp-dir`: Specifies the temporary directory for downloading TiCDC incremental data backup files.
- `storage`: Specifies the address for storing the TiCDC incremental data backup files, either an Amazon S3 storage or an NFS directory.
- `sink-uri`: Specifies the secondary cluster address to restore the data to. Scheme can only be `mysql`.

## Bi-directional replication

Starting from v6.4.0, TiCDC supports bi-directional replication among multiple TiDB clusters. Based on this feature, you can create a multi-master TiDB solution using TiCDC.

### Limitations

- Bi-directional replication clusters do not support replicating DDL. You need to manually execute all DDL statements in each TiDB cluster, and the table schemas before and after executing the DDL statement must be compatible.

- When the bi-directional replication clusters are running, you cannot add or remove a cluster.

> - Bi-directional replication clusters cannot detect write conflict, which might cause undefined behavior. Therefore, you must ensure there is no write conflict from the application side.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Bi-directional replication clusters cannot detect write conflicts, which might cause undefined behaviors. Therefore, you must ensure there are no write conflicts from the application side.
```
